My name is Rono and I have a gift.

I am the youngest of six; three males and three females.  I don't know if I will ever understand what has been happening to me.

We have only lived at at this place for a few weeks.  The tribe has to keep moving in order to find food.  Ever since the hard times, which seem to extend back as long as I have been blessed by the Lifegiver, things have been difficult.

The Lifegiver is the sun, the provider, and the great circle.  Everyone is taught that.  Everyone knows that.  But the Lifegiver can be fickle.  She is easily displeased, it seems.  

It is a warm morning that greets me as I wake up from a warm night.  The sun is already blasting in my face and it makes me want to seek out the coldness under a sheet.  I do not care, though, because I can hear noises coming from another shelter a short distance away.  The sheet is cracking in the wind but I can hear anyway.  I can always hear.

"He cannot stay, Rupa."

"He will come because I want him to come, Danil."

"But it is not one of us."

The sheet flap whips open and out walks a gigantic male.  Rupa is second only to the Lifegiver, but in many ways does more than even the circle does.  The circle may be the end and the beginning, but Rupa is a line inbetween.  

"Do as I say," commands Rupa as he scans the horizon.  As Danil scurries away Rupa begins to make use of a strange tool in his hand.  Rupa holds it out in front strongly.  Its long and thick at the same time.  It is a'Ruga.  

Soon, the ground begins to slowly tremble.  First only a bit, but then more and more.  I see a creature, more foul than anything I have ever seen before, approach the sheet.  Rupa smiles.  

"Greetings!" Rupe exclaims slowly.  "We mean you no harm."

Its impossible to say if the creature understands or not.  It merely keeps moving ever so slowly towards Rupa until it is several lengths away.  It stops and sits silently.  Rupa seems puzzled and repeats his greeting.

Getting no response once again from the createure, Rupa looks at his tool again and begins to make an adjustment.  Before he can, the creature makes a hollow noise that fills my ears!  So powerful and full, it fills my head and is the only thing I can see.  My vision has gone complete white but just before I think I am going to fall to the ground, sudden clarity:

WATER

WATER

WATER

My mind couldn't focus on anything other than those two words.  The repeated over and over as if they were blocking my vision.  I knew they were only in my head, but I found it impossible to focus on anything else.  I don't remember anything else except the feeling of my body hitting the ground and Rupa turning towards me.  

I awoke under a sheet.  My family was here, but Rupa and Danil had left.  I got up immediately and left the sheet, leaving the sound of my mother behind me.  I saw Danil maybe fifty lengths away and moved towards him.  

"It said water!"  I told Danil.  "It said there is water!"

Danil looked at me as though he did not understand.  

"The creature is gone," Danil explained.  "We still do not understand why it made such a journey to visit, but its journey was one of waste.  Why would such a creature come so far with nothing to show?"

"But it said water!  Maybe it knows a way?"

"But you are mistaken.  The creature did not communicate anything," stated Danil.

-----------------------------------

I'm older now and I can control it.  Maybe control is too strong of a word but it doesn't force me to the ground anymore.  If I clench my eyes shut when it happens I can withstand the force of it all.  

Other things have changed as well.  Rupa has passed back to the Lifegiver.  Danil is Rupa.  And I am Danil.  

I hold a'Ruga as I turn to my counterpart.  Danil has decided we are to go to war.  This being before me may not be as strong as us or as intelligent as us, but that is why we have the right to take from them what we wish.  And Danil is the leader so we shall do as Danil commands.

Suddenly, I hear the words in my head:

"GREETINGS.  WE MEAN YOU NO HARM."

But Danil doesn't turn his head at all.  Why would Danil?  He can't hear the words as I can.  And I don't flinch or even hesitate.  The a'Ruga is powerful when used properly, and as I struck the small creature I felt pity.  Pity for him, and pity for myself.  

"Stupid things," says Danil.  "Take everything we can carry."

"As you command," I reply.  

-----------------------------------------


